Update Digital Ocean program status (#41)
malgamves/CommunityWriterPrograms: README.md

- [Dev Spotlight](https://www.devspotlight.com/jobs/) - Around $300-$500 per piece depending on length and content
  > Technical content production agency that works with many clients.

> - [Digital Ocean](https://www.digitalocean.com/write-for-donations/) - Up to $400 per piece ****Currently paused accept new writer**

Reviewer: Hey @krissnawat thanks for the addition. Could you change the text to 

`** *Applications currently on hold**`

> - [Digital Ocean](https://www.digitalocean.com/write-for-donations/) - Up to $400 per piece ****Currently paused accept new writer**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Digital Ocean](https://www.digitalocean.com/write-for-donations/) - Up to $400 per piece **Applications currently on hold**
```
